README.md, before:

# IbanCalculator

A wrapper for ibanrechner.de API. It allows converting bank account data from legacy syntax to new SEPA IBAN/BIC.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'iban_calculator'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install iban_calculator

## Usage

In order to use iban calculator, you need to create an account at [iban-bic.com](http://www.iban-bic.com/).

In case you are using rails, configure your app like this:

    # config/initializers/iban_calculator.rb
    IbanCalculator.user = 'your_username',
    IbanCalculator.password = 'your_password'
    IbanCalculator.logger = Rails.logger

Whenever you need to convert European legacy account data to new SEPA IBAN format:

    # app/models/your_model.rb
    IbanCalculator.calculate_iban country: 'DE', account_number: '123', bank_code: '456'

Example data can be found at: http://www.iban-bic.com/sample_accounts.html


## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/iban_calculator/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Add method to validate IBANs

README.md, after:

# IbanCalculator

A wrapper for ibanrechner.de API. It allows converting bank account data from legacy syntax to new SEPA IBAN/BIC.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'iban_calculator'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install iban_calculator

## Usage

In order to use iban calculator, you need to create an account at [iban-bic.com](http://www.iban-bic.com/).

In case you are using rails, configure your app like this:

    # config/initializers/iban_calculator.rb
    IbanCalculator.user = 'your_username',
    IbanCalculator.password = 'your_password'
    IbanCalculator.logger = Rails.logger

Whenever you need to convert European legacy account data to new SEPA IBAN format:

    # app/models/your_model.rb
    IbanCalculator.calculate_iban country: 'DE', account_number: '123', bank_code: '456'

Example data can be found at: http://www.iban-bic.com/sample_accounts.html

You can also validate a given IBAN and fetch additional data about it:

    IbanCalculator.validate_iban 'AL90208110080000001039531801'


## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/iban_calculator/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
